hi guys what's the ante here with
undercover truck bed covers today I'm
going to be installing a brand new
undercover flex folding tonneau cover
this is real quick and easy so let's get
started
every new undercover flex comes with a
brand new hardware kit your hardware
kits going to include two rails your
passenger side rail and your driver side
rail a bulkhead seal clamps that are
unique to your truck your mounting bolts
an installation guide and warranty
instructions the last thing you're going
to need to install this undercover flex
is a 9/16 socket or wrench but remember
if you have a plastic bed liner there
may be some minor trimming required to
allow the cover to fit properly attach
both driver and passenger side rails to
the truck bed the rails our driver and
passenger specific and have been
preassembled for your convenience the
end of the mounting rail with the
aluminum plate and drain tube fitting
will go towards the cab of the truck
using the three included clamps that
catch the rails approximately 1/8 inch
above the top edge of the truck bed
rails now consider clamp first but do
not tighten completely this gives you
the ability to adjust the rail as the
outer clamps are attached tighten the
clamps using a 9/16 wrench or socket
slide the front tube mounting bolts into
the track on the underside of the flex
cover then place the Flex cover onto the
mounting rails with the smallest handle
towards the cab of the truck insert the
front mounting bolts through the slotted
holes in the aluminum plate on the
mounting rail be sure the red handles in
the open position and carefully unfold
the cover unfold each panel and position
it so it is centered side to side and
front to back on the bed test the rear
most latching assembly for smooth
operations be sure the latches on both
sides are engaging
mouthing real once they cover is located
properly carefully hold up the cover
once in a fully open position place a
flat washers lock washers and a star
knob on the front mounting bolt
underneath the cover and hand tight do
not over tighten test cover again for
proper operation attach drain tubes the
fitting at the front of the mounting
rails and position the end of the tube
to divert water out of the pit as you
can see it's that easy to install
another cover play but if you have any
questions call the number on the screen
or visit us at
you